Thank you for looking at this job. Fanssecret is a fan site, but unlike other sites it takes user ID information and forensically watermarks all content in order to identify leakers. The following are the tasks I can identify that need to be done in order to make the site marketable. Unfortunately I am only interested in a contract where I only pay for a marketable site.




1. Bunny CDN migration. Right now the site uses Cloudinary to serve images and video. I need it to change to bunnyCDN.

2. Watermarking implementation (All content viewed on the site must be watermarked with the user ID of the person viewing it. I will give you a python script that applies a watermark to images and videos. THe site needs to process all images and videos (including pfps and cover photos) with the userID of the person viewing it. There should be some database to avoid reprocessing data for viewers who see the same things repeatedly, like pfps for example, but the database cannot include all the processed content, becuase it would grow too large. There must be some limited about of saved watermarked processed content for each viewer. There needs to be a progress bar showing how long it will take to process videos, because some of those will take along time. Ideally there would be a button with a time estimation for processing time on the videos so the person can decide whether to click to start the watermark processing. It will need to use a vast.ai API to handle these processing jobs faster, because with many users there will be too much processing.) 

3. Signup/login Flow. There is some backend work needed for user authentication. The next issue is about identification managmenet with sumsub console. Everyone needs to have an ID uploaded to prove their age. We cannot simply use the sumsub consol, however, becasue we need a financial vetting process for fans--anyone who is going to view any content. The signup process will age verify all users and add a financial doc upload and admin check for anyone who is going to view  content. Only users who have passed the financial vetting will be able to view anything. Right now there is an admin panel to review ID uploads for age verification. It needs to be integrated with sumsub console to handle automatic age verification. There is some complexity with how kinde, sumsub, and the admin panel will interact, because the financial vetting will need to be done manually through admin rather than with sumsub. Sumsub console makes the age verification very simple, but there is the financial vetting at play too. Fans will need to upload a financial vetting document (bank statement, property records, tax records, etc.). Overall the signup/sumsub/and admin systems need to be configured into some functional form.

4. Admin. There is an admin panel built in a different github I will show you. The main features of the admin panel are: banned word list, content approvals, user management, new user approval. I need all of this to be working smoothly. Content approvals needs a bit more work done on it, but admin is mostly ready. There needs to be some integration with sumsub for user managment and new users. 

5. Messaging: The messaging system has a series of buttons to attach an image/video, add price to view, etc. Those buttons don’t work. The image and video attachment must only allow something to be sent if it has already passed the admin approval as a post. So there is vault, which is all the content that the person has posted and had previously approved. They will be able to send images and videos from the vault, because those things are already approved. If they want to send something new, then it will go through the same approvals process that new posts do. Right now those buttons don’t work for message sending, but the plain messaging works. 

6. Credits and Earnings: For payments the site uses NOWpayments.io. The user pays with NOWpayments and then their credit is topped up. There is a small problem, because the app does not check to confirm that the payment was actually completed before topping up the users credit, so there needs to be added a check to make sure the payment is created before topping up the user's credit. The other thing necessary for payments is creator payouts. The users who receive payments in the app… ie. when people spend their credits… get earnings. The users need to be able to payout their earnings to their own USDT wallet. NOWpayments has this automatic feature available, but it is not implemented on the site. There needs to be a place for them to enter their USDT wallet address and trigger a payout. Alternatively, I can manually send usdt payouts if there is a notification in the admin for who has requested a payout to their usdt wallet.

7. Bug and Flow: Make everything match the color scheme (no default-blue buttons), bug testing, flow, etc. Polished marketable site. 
